> If you notice that the code in the video is slightly different from the code I shared, it's because I added a few lines of code to make the code work better.
  So you still follow the code that I share.

> When the ESP32-CAM takes photos or the process of sending photos to Google Drive is in progress,
  the ESP32-CAM requires a large amount of power. So I suggest that you use a 5V power supply with a current of approximately 2A.

> In some conditions, such as when the ESP32-CAM runs the program code for the first time OR when the ESP32-CAM has just been turned on OR when the ESP32-CAM is restarted,
  then when connecting to "script.google.com" a failure will occur and the serial monitor will display the information "Connected to script.google.com failed".
  The solution is that you simply have to wait until the ESP32-CAM is successfully connected,
  because in the Arduino program code I have added a subroutine that functions to reconnect if it fails to connect to "script.google.com".
  Based on my testing, after failing to connect to "script.google.com" 3 or 8 times, the next connection will be successful.
  But if failed to connect to "script.google.com" more than 15 times, you should double check your code, maybe you missed something, or check your WiFi hotspot/router connection,
  maybe your WiFi hotspot/router doesn't have internet connection.
  I don't know if the problem only happens to my ESP32-CAM module or it also happens to other ESP32-CAM modules.
  I only have one ESP32-CAM module, so I can't test it on other ESP32-CAM.
  Until now, I don't know why this problem can occur, I'm still looking for the cause, if you know the cause, please tell me or us in the comments column in this video.

> If the ESP32-CAM fails to send photos to Google Drive, then do the steps below :
  - Pay attention to the line of code "s->set_framesize(s, FRAMESIZE_SXGA);" on "void setup".
  - Change FRAMESIZE_SXGA to a lower resolution, for example change to: FRAMESIZE_XGA or FRAMESIZE_SVGA or to even lower resolution.
